Selenium Grid


Selenium-Grid allows you to run your tests on different machines against different browsers.

5 TestCases  

Selenium-Grid supports distributed test execution.

You can also run the Tests in Parallel in multiple machines on Selenium Grid.


What is Hub?


1.The Hub is a central Point that will receive all the test request and distribute them to the right nodes.

2.There should be one hub in a grid.

3.The machine containing the Hub is where the tests will be triggered, but you will see the browser being automated on the Node.



What is Node?

Node are selenium Instances that will execute the tests that you loaded on the Hub.

Nodes can be launched on multiple machines with different platforms and browsers.


Steps to configure

1. Download Selenium server jar

2. Register Hub.Command to register a hub is

java -jar selenium-server-standalone-3.141.59.jar -role hub

Click enter and then the server is up and running.

3.Login to different machine where we have to register the Node.

Note: from Node machine only we need to register that Node.

4.So the same selenium server jar has to be downloaded in Node machine also.

5.Open command prompt and write the below command

java -jar selenium-server-standalone-3.141.59.jar -role webdriver -hub http://192.168.1.175:4444/grid/register -port 5566

Note : Also check whether Java is configured properly in System Variables)


6.Click enter and you will see successfully registered to Hub.

7. In cmd of hub machine you will see one Node has been registered.

Ques.How will you pass remote file driver path chromedriver.exe which is located in another system?

Ans.You can achieve this by below command


java Dwebdriver.chrome.driver="C:\chromedriver.exe" -jar selenium-server-standalone-3.141.59.jar -role webdriver -hub http://192.168.1.175:4444/grid/register -port 5566


Then click enter the message will come like 'The node is registered to the Hub and ready to use.'


Now you have registered relationship between Hub and Node.



















	







 

















 